Docs: Point monorepo links to next branch (#33799)
storybookjs/storybook: docs/builders/builder-api.mdx

## Builder API

> In Storybook, every builder must implement the following [API](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/code/core/src/types/modules/core-common.ts#L239-L259), exposing the following configuration options and entry points:

Reviewer: @pavan-sh when you're able, can you adjust this link as follows? The lines were a bit off
```suggestion
In Storybook, every builder must implement the following [API](https://github.com/storybookjs/storybook/blob/next/code/core/src/types/modules/core-common.ts#L255-L275), exposing the following configuration options and entry points:
```
